Hi, Betty. I'm making a list of things for my trip. I like to get things ready earlier.
Can you help me? Sure. How can I help? Well, it sounds crazy, but I don't know what to take.
You should take notebooks, pens and a dictionary. Okay. What clothes should I take to L.A.?
When are you leaving? And how long are you going to stay there?
I'm leaving at the end of July, and I'm going to stay there for four weeks.
Sure, it's so good. Or you can wear light trousers. It'll be sunny and hot there.
I haven't got any sunglasses. I'll buy a pair there.
That's a good idea. But remember, many things are more expensive in America.
Have you got any American dollars? Yes, it's $200 enough.
If you've already paid for the air tickets and for home's day, it should be okay.
What else? Your bag mustn't weigh too much. You'd better ask the travel company about the total weight for all your bags.
Oh, by the way, don't forget to take your passport. Okay, thank you.
You're welcome. You'll have a great time. Please write to me and send me some photos.
Yes, I will.